[S1] An HCP chooses to refer a patient to another receiving HCP through the referral feature on a patient's office visit page (UC11). The sending HCP must select a receiving HCP by either entering the HCP's MID and confirming the selection [E1], or by searching for the HCP by name. The sending HCP is also presented with a text box to include notes about the referral. The sending HCP then chooses a priority from 1-3 (1 is most important, 3 is least important) for the referral. The HCP may send the referral, cancel the referral, or edit the referral [E2]. Upon sending a referral, the patient, sending HCP, and receiving HCP receive a message summarizing the newly created referral information (sending HCP name & specialty, receiving HCP name & specialty, patient name, referral notes, and referral creation timestamp); additionally, the sending and receiving HCP messages include the referral priority.
[S2] An HCP chooses to view received referrals. The receiving HCP is presented with a list of referrals sorted by priority (from most important to least important). The receiving HCP then selects a referral to view details and is presented with the name and specialty of the sending HCP, the patient's name, the referral notes, the referral priority, the office visit date with a link to the office visit, and the time the referral was created.
[S3] A sending HCP views a list of previously sent patient referrals. The HCP may sort the list of referrals by patient name, receiving HCP name, time generated, and/or priority. The HCP chooses a specific referral from the list to view complete details about the referral: patient name, receiving HCP name and specialty, time generated, priority, office visit date, and notes.
[S4] A patient views a list of his/her referrals. The patient may sort the list of referrals by receiving HCP name, time generated, and/or priority. The patient chooses a specific referral from the list to view complete details about the referral: sending HCP name and specialty, receiving HCP name and specialty, time generated, priority, office visit date, and notes. The patient is also provided with the option to send a message to the receiving HCP to request that an appointment be scheduled.
[S5] A sending HCP edits a previously created patient referral as long as the referral has not been viewed by the receiving HCP. The sending HCP may edit the priority of the referral and/or the referral notes. The sending HCP then chooses to save the edits, cancel the edits, or re-enter the data [E2].
[S6] A sending HCP cancels a previously sent patient referral by visiting the office visit page, viewing the details of a previously sent patient referral [S3], and choosing cancel. The HCP is asked to confirm the decision to cancel the referral. The patient and receiving HCP receive a message (UC30) indicating that the referral was canceled.
