A   revoke execute ... restrict  should fail if there are dependent objects on the execute privilege
As per the functional spec attached to  , a  revoke execute ... restrict  should fail if there are dependent objects on the execute privilege
In order to implement this, when revoke execute is executed, a special invalidation action should be sent and dependent objects will need to catch that invalidation and throw an exception. If there are no dependents, then no exception will be thrown and revoke execute will succeed.
I am just creating a new jira entry here so it is easier to track sub items of  . Will link this Jira entry to  .
See the functional spec attached to
A  view should be dropped when a privilege required by the view is revoked.
A view tracks its privileges requirements using Derby s Dependency Manager. If any one of those required privileges are revoked, the view should be dropped automatically.
I am just creating a new jira entry here so it is easier to track sub items of  . Will link this Jira entry to  .
See the functional spec attached to
Upgrade test needs to be enhanced to test grant revoke
Grant Revoke is one of the features targeted for 10.2 Release. The upgrade test should be modified to test this feature with various upgrade scenarios to make sure everything works fine.
    
add  lang/grantrevoke.java to derbynetclientmats
I noticed running  lang./grantrevoke.java with client fails with :
&gt; Unexpected exception
&gt; 08004: Connection authentication failure occurred.  Reason: userid or password invalid.
&gt; java.sql.SQLException: Connection authentication failure occurred.  Reason: userid or password invalid.
&gt; Caused by: org.apache.derby.client.am.SqlException: Connection authentication failure occurred.  Reason: userid or password invalid.
&gt;       ... 8 more
&gt; FAILED. 1 error
Test Failed.
End:   grantRevoke jdk1.4.2_07 DerbyNetClient 2006-06-01 12:17:25 ***
Perhaps just a test configuration problem of some sort, but  It would be good to have client testing for  grant revoke.    
Remove SYS.SYSREQUIREDPERM from Derby 10.2. This was added for Grant Revoke functionality
With the Grant Revoke functionality. Derby engine needs to keep track of view/constraint/trigger s dependencies on various privileges. SYS.SYSREQUIREDPERM table was added for this purpose. But these depdencies can be mantained using the existing Dependency Manager. I have done quite a bit of work using Dependency Manager for Grant Revoke and do not see a need for SYS.SYSREQUIREDPERM. Before 10.2 release, we should drop SYS.SYSREQUIREDPERM from the Derby code and update the Grant/Revoke functional spec accordingly.
A  trigger should be dropped when a privilege required by the trigger is revoked.
A trigger tracks its privileges requirements using Derby s Dependency Manager. If any one of those required privileges are revoked, the trigger should be dropped automatically.
I am just creating a new jira entry here so it is easier to track sub items of  . Will link this Jira entry to  .
See the functional spec attached to 
A constraint should be dropped when a privilege required by the constraint is revoked.
A constraint tracks its privileges requirements using Derby s Dependency Manager. If any one of those required privileges are revoked, the constraint should be dropped automatically.
I am just creating a new jira entry here so it is easier to track sub items of  . Will link this Jira entry to  .
See the functional spec attached to
